---
layout: post
title: NLP Sales Engineer @ AlchemyAPI
company: AlchemyAPI
location: Denver
type: Full-time
logo: "http://www.alchemyapi.com/sites/default/files/Logo60Height.png"
---

Do you love the idea of helping early adopters of advanced text analytics and
computer vision solutions choose their technology partner? If so, join us!
AlchemyAPI is seeking a sales engineer and technical evangelist to work with
our customers and share what you learn with our communities.

We’re looking for highly collaborative humans who can support their sales team
and convey how our deep learning-based text analytics solve problems for
companies in media, business intelligence, finance and the sciences.
AlchemyAPI is the world’s most popular Natural Language Processing cloud-based
service with over 35 thousand users and 3.5 billion documents processed per
month. As a Technical Account Manager, you’ll partner with your sales teams to
sell AlchemyAPI’s NLP platform into the most forward-thinking companies in the
world.

With our strong financial backing, a proven track record, and an amazing
collection of nice people, AlchemyAPI is positioned for rapid growth. We are
building a sales culture that supports and encourages individual and team
success. Join us. Be a part of that fun and success.

### Does this sound like you?

 - You know software. 3+ years experience in a software engineering role: hacker, developer, tester, business analyst, product or project manager.
 - You know software sales. 3+ years experience in a customer-facing role: sales, sales engineer, consulting, support, product marketing or training.
 - Understand how to use REST APIs to integrate systems.
 - You’ve learned sales success is really about helping people.
 - You love to keep learning. Bleeding edge is FUN! You’re intellectually curious with an entrepreneurial spirit.
 - You are comfortable presenting, demonstrating, facilitating and leading meetings, running trials and finishing projects.
 - You’re a compelling communicator -- clear, composed and trustworthy, capably influencing and selling to technical decision makers.
 - You ask questions to help prospects identify pain, ROI and payoffs.
 - You earned a bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering or know you have equivalent experience.
 - Able to travel a small amount.

### Responsibilities include:

 - Partner with the customer to shorten their entire buying process.
 - Team with sales to attain revenue and quota objectives.
 - Deliver product presentations and demos to technical buyers and their management.
 - Engage the customer on their needs to create solutions that benefit both AlchemyAPI and the customer.
 - Lead hackathons as an API evangelist.
 - Blog about the solutions you are helping customers implement.
 - Manage product trials and prepare RFP/RFI responses.
 - Coordinate resources to facilitate additional sales, training and consulting.
 - Collaborate with the global NLP communities.

### Location

Our beautiful downtown Denver office is right on the Platte River.

### About AlchemyAPI

At AlchemyAPI we are obsessed with creating a proprietary Natural Language
Processing platform that can analyze the unstructured fire hose of information
coming at us every day with unrivaled speed, accuracy and affordability.
Today, over 35,000 users process more than 3.5 billion documents every month
on our cloud service. We quietly raised $2M in Series A funding in 2013, and
we’ve always been profitable. Now with a fast-maturing platform and a loyal
customer base, we’re ready to grow fast. AlchemyAPI offers a highly
collaborative culture and work-life balance that attracts and retains top
talent. We have excellent compensation and benefits with an exceptional
opportunity to grow.

<p class="center">
  <img src="{{ page.logo }}" /><br />
  <br />
  <strong>Website</strong>: <a href="http://www.alchemyapi.com/">alchemyapi.com</a> / <strong>Twitter</strong>: <a href="https://twitter.com/AlchemyAPI">@AlchemyAPI</a>
</p>
